c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyGlimpse\MyGlimpse\obj\Debug\MyGlimpse.csproj.App.config
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyGlimpse\MyGlimpse\obj\Debug\MyGlimpse.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyGlimpse\MyGlimpse\bin\MyGlimpse.dll.config
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyGlimpse\MyGlimpse\bin\MyGlimpse.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyGlimpse\MyGlimpse\bin\MyGlimpse.pdb
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyGlimpse\MyGlimpse\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyGlimpse\MyGlimpse\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyGlimpse\MyGlimpse\bin\MyGlimpse.Core.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyGlimpse\MyGlimpse\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyGlimpse\MyGlimpse\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyGlimpse\MyGlimpse\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyGlimpse\MyGlimpse\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyGlimpse\MyGlimpse\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyGlimpse\MyGlimpse\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyGlimpse\MyGlimpse\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyGlimpse\MyGlimpse\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyGlimpse\MyGlimpse\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyGlimpse\MyGlimpse\bin\MyGlimpse.Core.pdb
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyGlimpse\MyGlimpse\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyGlimpse\MyGlimpse\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyGlimpse\MyGlimpse\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyGlimpse\MyGlimpse\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyGlimpse\MyGlimpse\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyGlimpse\MyGlimpse\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyGlimpse\MyGlimpse\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyGlimpse\MyGlimpse\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyGlimpse\MyGlimpse\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyGlimpse\MyGlimpse\obj\Debug\MyGlimpse.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyGlimpse\MyGlimpse\obj\Debug\MyGlimpse.pdb
